Baked Parmesan Shrimp  (Baked shrimp with butter and Parmesan cheese and bread crumbs.)
Baked Tilapia with Shrimp  (Bake whole fish with a crab or shrimp stuffing. )
Broccoli Cheese Soup  (A cream based soup with cheddar cheese and tender broccoli florets. )
Butternut Squash Soup  (his luxurious tasting, mildly spicy soup)
Caffe Latte  (A latte is a coffee drink made with espresso and steamed milk.)
Caffe Mocha  (A chocolate-flavored variant of a caffè latte)
Cheese Ravioli  (Fresh pasta filled with ricotta cheese, cream cheese)
Chicken & Gnocchi Soup  (roasted chicken, potato gnocchi, carrots,celery,andspinach)
Chicken Alfredo  (made from fettuccine tossed with Parmesan cheese and butter)
Chicken Marsala  (Chicken marsala is an Italian-American dish made from chicken cutlets, mushrooms, and Marsala wine.)
Chocolate Mousse Cake  (A rich,dense,moist chocolate cake)
Cranberry Spinach Salad  (Mix with cranberry and spinach(no meat at all), tasty and fresh)
Fresh Brewed Iced Tea  (dd)
Garlic Rosermary Chicken  (Cover the chicken breasts with garlic)
Grape Juice  (fff)
Ham and Potato Soup  (his is a baked potato soupwith butter, green onions,bacon, cheddar cheese sour cream,and seasonings.)
Hamburger Vegetable Soup  (A simple soup made with ground beef and vegetables.)
Herb-Grilled Salmon  (a flavorful crust on this grilled salmon)
Herbal& Flavored Hot Teas  (The best tea ever.)
Lemon Cream Cake  (butter cake sandwiched together with a tangy lemon curd. )
Mexican Bean Salad  ( without being too spicy or vinegary.)
Minestrone Soup  (beans, onions, celery, carrots, stock, and tomatoes.)
Orange Juice  (gg)
Pasta e Fagioli Soup  (pasta and beans)
Pumpkin Cheesecake  (This is a delicious, creamy, spicy cheesecake!)
Raspberry Lemonade  ()
Ravioli di Portobello  (Light and heathy )
Red Wine  (ffff)
Sausage Stuffed Giant  (In one word: Tasty)
Seafood Alfredo  (made from fettuccine tossed with Parmesan cheese and butter)
Seasonal Sicilian  (Sweet & flavorful)
Spicy Chicken Soup  (Chicken soup is a soup made from chicken)
Steak Gorgonola-Alfredo  (fettuccine tossed with spinach and gorgonzola-alfredo sauce.)
Steak Toscano  (A Large piece of Steak. And it tast good!)
Strawberry Spinach Salad  (Mix with strawberry and spinach(no meat at all), sweet and tasty)
Sundae  (Wonderful ice-cream with strawberry, bluebrerry and other 5 flavor jam.)
Tiramisu  (eggs, sugar, and cheese,with cocoa.)
Tuna Salad  (Lots of Tuna, and fresh green leave vegetables.)
Whiskey  (dd)
Zeppoli  (topped with powdered sugar)
Zuppa toscana  (with Italian sausage,crushed red peppers, diced white onion, bacon, garlic puree, chicken bouillon, heavy cream,and potatoes.)
